1. Now that we have our project generated inside of the start folder react app,
inside of the package JSON, you can see all of the different dependencies 
that are part of the project. The main ones we should know about are react 
and react dom. So, react is everything we need to actually create our react 
components, react dom is how we add them to the page, and react scripts is 
how we handle all of our bundling. You'll also notice, in the dependencies 
section, that we have some testing libraries, which we'll talk about in a 
little bit. 

2. The main files that are part of our app are here in the source folder. So, 
the source folder contains the index.js. Think of this as being kind of like 
the entry point to your application. It's the main JavaScript file that we can 
use to render our app right here to our dom. Notice too that we're using 
document.getElementByID. This is referencing the root element inside of this 
public folder. There's an index.HTML, much like the one that we worked with 
before, where we're going to inject all of our react code. Now, let's collapse 
this public folder again and we're going to go back to the index file. Something 
to note is that we have the app wrapped with this other component called 
react.strict mode. So, think of strict mode as being a tool for highlighting 
any potential problems in your app. It's just a package that's going to activate 
some additional checks to let you know if you've written any code incorrectly, 
but these are only going to run in development.They're not going to run in production.

3. So, the app component that we have here, if we go to the App.JS file, typically 
our components will be kept inside of their own files. Notice here that this is a 
function that we're creating. And, then at the bottom of this, we're exporting this 
as the default export of this app JS file. So, this is really everything we need. 
Now, something that we want to do is make sure that we're navigated to the react app

4. Let's go back here and remove that though for now, something I just want to 
mention too that's related to our exercise files is if you take a look at your 
exercise files folders, you'll see in the finished or in the start folder, you'll 
see our project here called react app. So, if we were to navigate to this folder 
and run NPM start, you might notice that it says react scripts, command not found.
And, this is because all of the dependencies for the project haven't been installed.
Now, inside of our package JSON file, this is going to show all of the different 
packages that you would need to install for this project. So, if I run NPM install 
or NPM-I, this is going to install all of the dependencies, you'll notice that 
there's a node modules folder here where all of those will go, and then you can 
run NPM start again. If you do run into that problem, it's not a problem. Just 
run NPM install, and then go ahead and run NPM start, and you should be good to go.